Added information in documentation about verbose (#240)
IntelPython/daal4py: doc/sklearn.rst

introspection. This assures scikit-learn API compatibility of all
`daal4py.sklearn` classes.

.. _sklearn_verbose:

scikit-learn verbose
----------------

> In order to find out which implementation of the algorithm is currently used,

Reviewer: you can just use "to" instead of "in order to" (it's recommended by the style guide)

> export the environment variable.

Reviewer: I'd add the name of the variable here:

```suggestion
export the ``IDP_SKLEARN_VERBOSE`` environment variable.
```

shouldn't it be "set" instead of "export"?

On Linux and Mac OS::

    export IDP_SKLEARN_VERBOSE=INFO

On Windows::

    set IDP_SKLEARN_VERBOSE=INFO

> For example, on Linux you may use the following command::

Reviewer: what's that an example of exactly? how's is that different from the command above? I think you need to add a bit more context here (e.g. something like "An example below shows how to ... ")

Author: I agree, this example duplicates command above. I removed this.

    IDP_SKLEARN_VERBOSE=INFO python -m daal4py my_application.py

> During calls using Intel-optimized scikit-learn you will receive additional print statements,
> indicating which implementation being called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the calls that use Intel-optimized scikit-learn, you will receive additional print statements
that indicate which implementation is being called.
```

> These print statements are only available for :ref:`scikit-learn algorithms that the daal4py patches <sklearn_algorithms>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These print statements are only available for :ref:`scikit-learn algorithms that daal4py patches <sklearn_algorithms>`.
```

```suggestion
These print statements are only available for :ref:`scikit-learn algorithms with daal4py patches <sklearn_algorithms>`.
```

> For example, for DBSCAN::
> 
>     INFO: sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.fit: uses Intel® DAAL solver
> 
> or::
> 
>     INFO: sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.fit: uses original Scikit-learn solver

Reviewer: I'd remove this "or"

```suggestion
For example, for DBSCAN you get one of these print statements depending on which implementation is used::

    INFO: sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.fit: uses Intel® DAAL solver

::

    INFO: sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.fit: uses original Scikit-learn solver
```
